# BreakTheHabit

Break the habit of your smartphone addiction.

## Purpose

Android application to curb the brainwashing habit of checking mobile phone without a reason. It 
attempts to get in the way of "notification dopamine" which our bodies learn to seek.

## Motivation

Maybe you realize we're heading into a dystopian nightmare of Internet and electronic addiction,
or you simply want to reclaim some of your free time. This app is meant to put YOU in control of
your device instead of the other way around. Allowing an electronic to control you by creating noise
or vibrations in quite literally mind control. Rather than answering your device's every need, it
should be treated more like a tool which is used when needed and put away when not.

It doesn't matter where you look, if there are other people, you will likely see someone on a smart
device. Kids are given devices at young ages. Teens are glued to their devices, normally wearing 
headphones or ear buds as well, completely tuned out of the physical reality. People no longer feel
safe leaving their homes without their device, even though it wasn't until the late 2000's when the
devices first started becoming popular and humans lives for thousands of years before the invention.

Without limits on usage the devices will continue to keep us ensnared. Americans are more and more
having their dopamine cycle built around the gratification of using their device and checking their
social media platforms. Tuning out the noise and taking time to detox from smartphone usage can be
difficult to plan and even more difficult to execute. 

Some carriers don't allow dumb phones such as flip phones anymore, and governments help supply 
phones and Internet to those who would not be able to afford it. While this may seem charitable and
benevolent, it serves them a higher purpose of digitizing humanity. Mass surveillance is real and 
has been implemented very strictly in some countries. The corrupt central banking system will soon 
be deprecated with an even more corrupt CBDC system which requires the consentual use of a smart 
device. This is the technocratic state that many have been warning about.

The solutions? Staying in control of yourself, your property, and most importantly your mind. We
are sovereign beings. If you forfeit control of yourself you become a slave to the system they are
building. By building self-reliance through your community you make yourself less dependent to their
control and able to function outside of the slave state. Morality is what matters most. The *l*aw of 
man does not trumph the *L*aws of forces such as Nature, God, or whichever of the peaceful moral 
codes which exist. 

Humanity is in this together. This is an abundant planet which we need to protect. We can create 
peace and prosperity if we choose to do so! 

Thank you for your time. Electronics can be very useful and productive if used correctly. Whether 
you install this 100% free and open app or not, we wish you the best and love you very much.